The Temple of Wealth, the Marquis of Wealth, see Lord God of Wealth
I have been out of the Temple of Wealth for a long time
How is the management of the Temple of Wealth 15?
This property of Kyushu
Eight out of ten will come from next week
Nine out of 10 percent of next week's financials will come from me.
His Royal Highness the God of Wealth
You're going next week.
The Fang family is second to none among the Mingliang families
But it is related to our Temple of Wealth
Not worth a lifetime
You have worked hard for the temple affairs these years
If their family approves of this marriage
I'll push again
I wish their Fang family the best thing next week
Of course, the situation is not optimistic
As far as I know
The Fang family just met with the Ma family of Jindi Group
Signed marriage ripples
Your engagement
I think he's probably forgotten about it.
There is no such thing.
You will not be able to proceed with this matter.
As long as the Temple of Wealth takes action
All other business in the next week
Will disappear completely
Less than half a month
All his appearances next week will be from that year
No hurry
I will personally go on vacation for a year
I'll call you anytime then
Do you pay cash?
Help next week
I'll give you one last surprise